The Anarcho-Syndicalist's Cookbook
===
This book is not for fascists

Purpose
---
The 1971 title "The Anarchist's Cookbook" gives Anarchism a bad name. The
Anarcho-Syndicalist's Cookbook will be a counterpoint, with useful recipes for
communicating securely, direct action, whistle blowing, organizing workplaces,
and meaningful resistance to exploitive hierarchies.

Test Syndicate, Please Ignore
---
We seek to build and participate in a syndicate for the purpose of writing a
book about anarcho-syndicalism and putting those values into practice. Book
writing has a known set of challenges, so figuring out the mechanics of being
a democratically organized book publisher may be the larger value of this project. 

The good news is that we already have the means of production relevant for this
project. GitHub, Keybase, Reddit, and other websites are already workable
platforms for the basic problems of sharing text, confirming identity with
reasonable certainty, holding a vote, and maintaining a document with auditable
version control.


Contributing
---
All edits and contributions submitted as git patches will considered. Every
contributor is free to maintain their own branch. For the editor's convenience,
git will be used to facilitate democratic participation. If enough people
participate and this becomes unwieldy we can consider other ways of organizing
ourselves that fits the model of writing a book collectively. Unless anonymity
is requested, all work will be attributed to the authors and editors.

For now, please see org/recipe_list.mkd for ideas about how to contribute and
org/contribution_guidelines.mkd


License
---
We intend to release this work under the Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International license. HTML and PDF
versions will be available on my website. We do not intend to publish physical
copies unless doing so in a carbon-neutral way is possible.
